1. Through docker compose we can create, delete multiple containers

2. for composing a docker we have to create a file docker-compose.yml 

3. here we will add all the images which we want to run  we will specify the port number in which we want to run these services

4. now after  making this file we will run a command  docker compose up 

5. now This command will create containers and will  run those images inside the containers

6. if permission denyed happens then do sudo docker compose up to run the website 

7. Run docker compose down to destroy all the  containers running those images 

......................Creating a docker compose........................

1. write  the version then all the services and then all the enviroment variables watch piyush garg docker video for
deeper understanding 

2. A bridge established between the host machine and the docker so that host machine gets the bridge connectivity 

through bridge our docker gets the ip address and can connnect to the internet 

3. If any container is in host mode then it means that container does;nt get any bridge and it is directly connected
to the host machine

4. now if any container is in host mode then we dont have to expose the port but in bridge we have to expose the port

...................................Docker volumes............................................

1. When we stop a container it also deletes the code iside it to prevent that we have docker volumes which act as
permanent storage in docker 

2. Now how volumes are created we can mount a folder of our host machine with the container such that any data created in 
by container will be saved inside the folder and this mounting is called volumes

3. Now  if the container got deleted then the data inside the folder will remain secure since it was inside the host machine

4. We can again do mounting to create a container with same data 

5. docekr run -it -v /user/swakshgutpa/Desktop/newfolder : /home/abc node  (here is how we can mount a folder in a docker container)

6. just change your directory to the abc if you add any folder in the container now then it will get added to the newFolder

7. Now we can create our own custom volumes and later we can mount it to a container 




